>> Speaker 1: Now we're going to talk
about error handling a little bit.
So we talked about handling those errors.
But now we're gonna talk about why
you need to handle those errors.
Any thrown or unhandled error will
cause the process to crash and exit.
That's fine in a browser, maybe.
But on the server, if you have one
server serving a million requests, and
one error crashed the entire server.
Nobody can use your product.
So it's not really a good thing.
So you need to handle those errors and
especially think about the unhandled
ones and stuff like that.
Your app may have errors that
should not cause a crash.
So you must handle them accordingly.
Like if I have an API and a user is
trying to authenticate but that user,
they sent up invalid authentication token,
and that causes an error on my server.
That shouldn't crash my server
because a user sent me an invalid
authentication token.
I should just send back a proper response.
I should handle that and send it back.
Just because there was an error,
that doesn't mean my app should crash.
I should accordingly figure out this
should definitely cause a crash,
or, this was a user error.
Just let them know about it,
and things like that.
So every error shouldn't
cause your app to crash.
Some you just don't care about,
some you do.
So you gotta figure out
accordingly how that works.